now youtube the here we are in another
new video and good as
as you see here I have a house if it is at
side of the mechanism this I have done
now for a while
and well I wanted to show you an entry
totally secret
yes yes totally secret also without
buttons nothing like that
well for what you see here we have a
room here we have a room help
I have nazarí
the truth is curious action
now I'm going to stop on top of this block
I'm going to give the second click button to
right button
but today
move everything under the floor
it's a bit like that quite strange is very
ok the mechanism to hide things
because it's a button
but
and here there are many times I tried
put water or something in plan drought but
but as you can not approximate
emotion to all the water excess cough
good many
you will wonder how is the theme of
organism this
it's pretty strange now practical
they will be awake
here we have an acceptance
a repeater
and here we have a reverse
as you see good
as to see how I say it
the earth when this with this session
more has a block is not a block
normal as everyone is not you put on
low sectors and this here yes it is
repeated now here they make contact but
you for example when you plant safe
according to the effect about one thousandth
of seconds how do you cut if this is your
would cut it and know what
what it does is put on and take off
well I did not know about here getting to
here this would be this way
We will need the following materials
the torch a hoe to be able to open it
it's so sticky this I'm christ
and people are obviously
good to start we will make a copy
a gap here we also need
or whatever
we do not put good training to start
we put
one
dad
and here good we will put another block
over on that we will put this
we will put
any good what is it
live the two cakes for agrarian
agents would generate a reverse
we will put this here and here
until here is not that it is not here what
we will put to 4
a garden
we will lower the blocks
here
achieve agreement
what to do
do not
and justly
What I do is give
but
It's done
you want to do it higher or something like
what is there then well we are
I'm wrong
there is no cause
more than doing this I recommend
but
well here we hope to count on what
to tell 12 what is like that
we put over the limits as if
outside a wall a wall but we want to give
the fifth
Market Stall
speak
we can not do it here
we are already in 2
and then let's go here you can improvise a
simple door to go out whatever
with pistons
the truth that is very good lesson
method
since you can have constructs
Saved realities
in the cave or something with diamond chests
Whatever
and good
and finished tutorial
I hope you liked it like
subscribe
See you in the next video
until next time